details the different usage of the lib (#62)
prometheus-community/codemirror-promql: README.md

A roadmap is available in the issue [#5](https://github.com/prometheus-community/codemirror-promql/issues/5).

## Usage

> As the setup of the promQL language can a bit tricky in CMN, this lib provides a class `PromQLExtension` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the setup of the PromQL language can a bit tricky in CMN, this lib provides a class `PromQLExtension` 
```

> which is here to help you to configure the different extension we aim to provide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is here to help you to configure the different extensions we aim to provide.
```

### Default setup

> If you want to enjoy about the different features provides without taking too much time to understand how to configure it,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to enjoy about the different features provided without taking too much time to understand how to configure them,
```

then the easiest way is this one:

```typescript
import { PromQLExtension } from 'codemirror-promql';
import { basicSetup, EditorState, EditorView } from '@codemirror/next/basic-setup';

const promQL = new PromQLExtension()
new EditorView({
      state: EditorState.create({
        extensions: [basicSetup, promQL.asExtension()],
      }),
      // eslint-disable-next-line @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
      // tslint:disable-next-line:no-non-null-assertion
      parent: document.getElementById('editor')!,

>     });

Reviewer: Should this and lines above be indented less (only two spaces)?

Author: yeah you are right. Will fix it

```

Using the default setup will activate:

> * the syntax highlight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* syntax highlighting
```

> * an offline autocompletion that will suggest every promQL keyword such as the function / the aggregation depending of the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* an offline autocompletion that will suggest PromQL keywords such as functions / aggregations, depending on the context.
```

> * an offline linter that will display the promQL syntax error (which is closer to what Prometheus returns)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* an offline linter that will display PromQL syntax errors (which is closer to what Prometheus returns)
```

### Deactivate autocompletion - linter

> In case you would like to deactivate, or/and the linter or the autocompletion it's simple as that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you would like to deactivate the linter and/or the autocompletion it's simple as that:
```

```typescript
const promQL = new PromQLExtension().activateLinter(false).activateCompletion(false) // here the linter and the autocomplete are deactivated
```

### Connect the autocompletion extension to a remote Prometheus server

> Connecting the autocompletion extension to a remote Prometheus server will provide autocompletion of the metric/ the label name and the label value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connecting the autocompletion extension to a remote Prometheus server will provide autocompletion of metric names, label names, and label values.
```

> #### Use the default prometheus client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Use the default Prometheus client
```

(and everywhere else)

##### Prometheus URL
If you want to use the default prometheus client provided by this lib, you have to provide the url used to contact the Prometheus server.

```typescript
const promQL = new PromQLExtension().setComplete({url: 'https://prometheus.land'})
```

##### Override FetchFn

> In case your prometheus server is protected and required a special http client, you can override the function fetchFn that is used to perform any required HTTP request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case your Prometheus server is protected and requires a special HTTP client, you can override the function `fetchFn` that is used to perform any required HTTP request.
```

```typescript
const promQL = new PromQLExtension().setComplete({fetchFn: myHTTPClient})
```

##### Error Handling

> You can setup your own error handler to catch any HTTP error that can occur when the PrometheusClient is contacting Prometheus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up your own error handler to catch any HTTP error that can occur when the PrometheusClient is contacting Prometheus.
```
